registration : We just need a completed application form and the registration fee
of : The teaching of the school is in chime with the thought of the founder
travel : Could you stop by the travel agency on the way back home from work?
business : I know all the ins and outs of the business
No. : No. I was just about to
name : There are many different people with the same name in the world
company : That company produces a family of household products 
in : They are in a clothing store
full : Little Billy ate and ate until he was as full as a tick 
address : I just needed his home address   
kind : He was so kind as to help me
abroad : We believe that that is the same abroad 
This : This is only something else again
is : Thread is so tangled up that it is impossible to straighten it out to
to : I am reluctant to help him. or I hate to help him
certify : I hereby certify that the above information is all true and correct
that : He was much pleased to hear that
The : The price of cattle on the hoof is low
above : The housekeeper said that Mrs. Smith was above stairs
was : Can you imagine what it was like?
registered : I'm sorry, ma'am. We have no one by the name of Mr. King registered at this hotel
accordance : Friend says, the traffic authority has to be satisfied in accordance with the Bill
with : eat 2 more times ending with cheeses
travel : Could you stop by the travel agency on the way back home from work?
promotion : But Steve turned down the promotion
law : We were scandalized by the change in law
date : What's your last name and date of travel?
issue : When is the next issue due out?  
media : It is 100% impossible to communicate 100 % of myself through the media
information : For train schedules, press 1. For fare information, press 2. For information about package tours, press 3
media : If the media is blank, or its data is replaced, use this label instead
company : That company produces a family of household products
contact : Inventions like the toothbrush, contact lenses, and credit cards came into use long ago
person : I had to choose only one person among those people 
address : The address change will be effective the 4th of December
phone : The man and woman are talking on the phone 
fax : The copier and the fax machine were bought the same year 
email : We are sending you our product information by email 
type : Conversion failed because the data value overflowed the data type used by the provider 
of : Changes of officials are[Reshuffling of government personnel is] frequently announced
media : If the media is blank, or its data is replaced, use this label instead: 
television : Where is the antenna located on the television? 
radio : Please turn the radio down a little 
newspape : At work she talks and reads the newspaper; she's a do-nothing employee 
magazine : It is the policy of the magazine not to accept unsolicited submissions 
media : That doesn't mean he is any less media savvy
kit : Don't worry. I have my repair kit with me 
requested : Why has Rhonda Miller requested a leave of absence?
 media : That doesn't mean he is any less media savvy
kit : Don't worry. I have my repair kit with me 
received : Our product received a poor reception in our test market: 
comments : He casually threw in a few comments 
fax : The telephone and fax numbers are switched
facsimile : This copy is in facsimile but we need a real one
transmission : Keyboard-free transmission of personal identification numbers and ever-changing codes
your : I am unworthy of your kindness
company : He was unable to save the company from bankruptcy 
name : Please choose a new name for the file to be saved as
Here : Here are a few do's and don'ts while you're here
to : The defendant decided to bring the case to the appellate court
fax : The telephone and fax numbers are switched 
from : He has decided to secede from the association
phone : Call toll-free to order by phone. 24 hours a day, 7 days a week
date : What's your last name and date of travel?
page : How much does it cost to Xerox one page?
s : About 1/2 hour before serving time, add fruit (s)
certificate : I received a free certificate for a cheese burger at McDonald today
of : I left in a brace of shakes
film : The photographer was fortunate to film a fierce beast capturing its prey
business : The pace of business here is febrile
registered : Such marriages are hidden from friends and family and not registered with authorities
no. : Please let me know soon whether it is yes or no.
name : Perhaps the king of name changers is Prince
of : I left in a brace of shakes
resident : She is resident at his house
ID : The new ID card works just like a transportation card 
address : Unfortunately, he had forgotten to inform the post office of his change of address 
company : Many people are uneasy in the company of strangers
location : Your current security settings do not allow you to download files from this location 
type : The woman is the type who sits on her desk 
date : I had my very first blind date yesterday 
sponsor : The company will sponsor a work visa for you
's : Believe it or not, she is in her 50's now
guarantee : I bought a refrigerator and it came with a two-year guarantee
student : One student split on his friend
name : The username is not valid. Enter a valid username
in : I haven't improved much in speaking in English
full : Add mustard until liquid measures a full cup
date : She often turns her nose up at proposals for a dinner date _ Can you move the validity date ahead one month? 
of : It's a product of modern times 
Birth : Birth-control drugs help couples limit the size of their families
address : Write your address on this paper
relationship : Our relationship was doomed from the start 
signature : The thieves pulled his signature out of thin air 
certificate : You have chosen to install a certificate from a response file
of : He is twenty years of age
enrollment : My enrollment in the fall classes took two hours
address : Sometimes the body includes the e-mail address of the sender  
name : She smiled weakly and whispered my name 
in : How much is it in the back?
full : We are not here to impress each other full of pretense 
date : Can you move the validity date ahead one month? 
birth : They were overjoyed by the birth of their first grandchild   
this : The plot of this story is very intricate 
is : He is known as a teacher, but he is not 
to : He was slow to learn to read because of a learning disability
certify : I hereby certify that the above information is all true and correct 
that : This one is incomparably better than that
the : The lane was mottled with the sunbeams filtering through the leaves
above : The mountain rises above the plain 
mentioned : My name is Mr. Park as mentioned in my introduction
person : An astronaut is a person who travels and works in a spacecraft 
is : He is known as a teacher, but he is 
enrolling : Are you enrolling in another class next month? 
At : At that time, Lily hears some strange sounds 
third : This is the third late night this week 
grade : He was fighting with the sixth-grade boys 
in : Put in a pretty glass bowl 
following : Which of the following is the most expensive to mail? 
named : He was named Slow by his people when he was young 
school : A new school year began today
date : Can you move the validity date ahead one month? 
certificate : You have chosen to install a certificate from a response file
of : The teaching of the school is in chime with the thought of the founder
the : The man was about to be on the pounce
facts : The news checks out with the facts in every detail
concerning : I was impressed by the speaker's profound insight concerning his topic
the : The man was about to be on the pounce
facts : The news checks out with the facts in every detail
entry : No admittance except on business. or No unauthorized entry allowed
& : On the other hand, I do not often use the '&'
exit : Can we exit the plane during that time?
No. : No. I was just about to
name : Mary always tries to impress people by name-dropping
sex : In the contemporary dance field, the sex thing is quite balanced, quite equal	
of : The teaching of the school is in chime with the thought of the founder
birth : Little is known about his birth and antecedents	
nationality : Please write down your name, nationality, and passport number on this card
passport : My passport expires at the end of the year
presentation : I'm hard at work on my next presentation 
checklist : That's why you were all given a checklist
to : Allow to cool till it is cool enough to handle 
management : Many companies still treat their management staff with consideration
information : Carefully read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest and all the information will become yours
to : Allow to cool till it is cool enough to handle
have : I have ten days a year
on : We are quite slow on the uptake
hand : His left hand pulled the clutch lever in
site : Helmets must be worn at the excavation site at all times
analysis : Who else worked on the analysis?
employee : How often does your company do employee evaluations?
transportation : The landslip blocked all the transportation facilities
survey : The results of the survey were quite astonishing
AVR : First, there is the AVR microcontroller-- the brains of the outfit
EPP : The EPP is a self-management programme for people with long-term health conditions
Calculation : A Study on the Simplified Energy Calculation Method of Apartment Houses
Overview : Overview of Recent Developments of Double-Skin Facade System
of : There was not much of a breeze
transportation : The landslip blocked all the transportation facilities
options : Pick from different options to customize your Help and Support Center experience
carpooling : I've been getting up at 6:00 and meeting a friend at 7:15 and carpooling in
vanpooling : Psychological benefits from vanpooling and group composition  
public : Never have public morals been more deplorably corrupt
transit : How many stages are there in the new mass transit bus system?
bicycling : The man is bicycling across the stream
walking : He is walking all over me
jogging : Watch out for dogs while you're jogging
certificate : If the common name changes, you will need to obtain a new certificate
of : The use of puppets dates back thousands of years
temporary : But his retreat from politics was only temporary
rest : I hope Paula rest in peace
permission : Look to it that nobody leaves the room without permission 
issue : He acted on the sidelines on the issue
No. : No. I was just about to		
personal : It is the process of progressively realizing your personal goals
data : Conversion failed because the data value overflowed the data type used by the provider
position : I hope we can find somebody to fill the secretarial position soon			
name : Here lies one whose name was writ in water
in : How much is it in the back?
full : The farmer hauled away a full load of hay
resident : She is resident at his house
I.D : I've forgotten my I.D It must be in my other suit
No. : No. I was just about to	
address : For this site, you must enter your e-mail address as the password
period : It's time to put a period to the matter
of : The use of puppets dates back thousands of years
rest : He splashed his boots at the rest room
permission : Please do not open the box without my permission 
Certificate : If you use your gift certificate for something worth more than 60 percent of its face value, you'll be given the remaining change in cash
of : The water leaks out of the cask
Business : Our business has leased its offices for seven years
Trip : Her nightly trip home from work takes one hour
Travel : The Silk Road was not easy to travel
Order : She ranked the bottles in order of size
Working : The man is working on the tire
Section : I'll place an ad in the Help Wanted section of the newspaper
Position : The sea horse swims in an upright position
Name : The username is not valid. Enter a valid username
in : How much is it in the back?
Full : He enjoys driving in the highway at full speed
Date : You can write the year after the date
of : Most of the world uses the metric system of measurement
Birth : But these bonuses appear to have little effect on the birth rates
Duration : Shark teeth grow for the duration of the animal's life
Destination : What is Ms. Johannson's final destination?
Period : Two years is not a short period
Purpose : The purpose of the court system is to protect the rights of the people
ACKNOWLEDGED : She acknowledged to herself that she was sweet on him
RESIGNATION : He flatly rejected calls for his resignation
Date : At one time, many men wanted to date me
To : It is quite silly of you to try to force him to consent
Please : I am very sorry. or Please excuse me
be : He is reputed to be very generous
advised : She wasn't too pleased when I advised her
that : That is not so bad, considering
the : The iniquity of the fathers is visited upon the children
undersigned : We, the undersigned, strongly object to the closure of St.
hereby : You are hereby ordered to vacate the premises immediately
resigns : One guy in our team said he was resigning
as : They are poles asunder. or They are as opposite as two poles
position : I hope we can find somebody to fill the secretarial position soon
of : It is to be two of a kind
corporation : What is the purpose of the Land Corporation?
effective : Yes, it says "Christie Corporation, correspondence" 
upon : She is unsuspecting and easily imposed upon
acceptance : Her acceptance by the medical school elated her 
Please : Please let us know if you are unable to attend
acknowledge : I am sure that she will acknowledge
acceptance : I confirmed the letter of acceptance three times
said : What is said about the shopping mall?
on : The man mopped up on his friend
behalf : I am speaking on behalf of the president
corporation : Is Nancy Butler still working for the Decker Corporation?
Very : He is very choosy about what he eats
truly : This is really and truly my umbrella
For : You are solely responsible for it 
corporation : We are not like a corporation
agreement : Are we all in agreement on this?
of : The issue of this enterprise affects the very existence of the company
employment : I am at present in the employment of Mr. Smith
name : The English professor's name is Dr. Smith
in : There is no one who can match him in his ability in English
full : As usual, she looked fresh and full of energy	
gender : This is not split by gender
date : You can write the year after the date
of : The issue of this enterprise affects the very existence of the company
Birth : Birth-control drugs help couples limit the size of their families
nationality : I have been discriminated against because of my nationality
department : The reservation department was swamped with calls
title : Should I refer to him by any special title or name?	
permanent : Stop trying to paste over the cracks and come up with permanent solution
address : I informed my friends of my new address
telephone : A person calls you on the telephone	
contract : The contract between the two companies will expire at the fall of the year
period : It's time to put a period to the matter	
Media : He was pursued by the media
Information : In other words, well-informed consumers watch for information and check for misinformation
Company : We became affiliated with this company last year
Contact : If you have any questions, or problems regarding your subscription, please contact us
Person : I had to choose only one person among those people
Address : For this site, you must enter your e-mail address as the password
Phone : Check your phone record, that'll be a clue
Fax : The copier and the fax machine were bought the same year
Email : We are sending you our product information by email
Type : I do enjoy writing this type of letter
of  : Of course, I regain both of times, almost all
Television : The boy is always glued to the television
Radio : The radio program is interrupted by static. or The radio is affected by static
Newspaper : The newspaper article has many misprints
Magazine : I read a magazine article on a new type of medicine
Kit : Don't worry. I have my repair kit with me
Requested : The favor of a reply is requested
Received : He received his early schooling at home
Comments : Comments: I haven't tried this recipe, just drooled over it
Rent : He was behind on his rent
Receipt : We can ship it upon receipt of your order
Date : School fees should be paid by the due date
TO : All you have to do is sit tight and wait for it to arrive
Insert : Press the withdraw button first, then insert your ATM card here
Name : What's the name of your company?
and : In shape and size, the elephant, the lion, and the cat are very different
Address : What is your main message to people when you address them?
of : Money of the order of 3 dollars
Tenant : Utility charges to be paid separately by the tenant
Received : I just received an enormous telephone bill
from : The eyes redeem the face from ugliness
the : The people are in the hospital
sum : The sum of 5 and 8 is thirteen
which : I can not tell which is which
is : He is known as a teacher, but he is not
rent : The man and the woman rent the apartment
for : The woman is paying for a glass
period : Turn chicken a few time during this period
for : Yes, every day for twenty-five years!
the : The dog is looking for his owner
premises : Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises
described : What device is described in the report
above : There is not much left above reprises
LANDLORD : The landlord changed and the family were evicted from their accommodation
MEDICAL : The local medical school falls short of cadavers
CENTER : I volunteered at the emergency room at the medical center
Date : School fees should be paid by the due date
BIRTH : The baby suffers two deformities from birth defects
CERTIFICATE : Who is sending the gift certificate?
Hospital : The hospital bill drove him into bankruptcy
No. : No. I am not thirsty
Name : Invalid Syntax. Cannot specify username without specifying server name
of : Yell at the top of your bent
Child : She fanned away a mosquito from the sleeping child
Sex : The sex organs are among the erogenous zones of the body
Date : This dairy product has passed the expiration date
Birth : Would you help me search for my birth mother?
Hour : Increase baking time to about 1 hour
Place : People place importance on their names
Home : Oh, I thought perhaps you weren't home
Address : Do you happen to know Mr. Brown's address?
Mother : My mother works as a sign-language interpreter for the hearing-impaired
Members : An extra member was added to his family; he adopted a baby
Health : I guess the most important thing is your health
Plan : He is favorable to our plan
Form : Request the information letter in due form
Name : The username is not valid. Enter a valid username
of : It is to be two of a kind
farming : It was also used for farming
operation : Numerous processes are used in our assembly operation, including underwater welding
Number : The number of runaway teenagers is increasing these days
employers : The paper resume is the most traditional form and accepted by most employers
spouse : Stop trying to pick a hole in your spouse
children : The big boy huff children to pieces
For : I was looking for the key to my house
Plan : He missed the part and parcel of our plan   
employees : What kind of employees does the man want?
Type : The woman is the type who sits on her desk
coverage : To be on the safe side, you'd better buy full coverage
requested : Visitors are requested not to touch the exhibits
Health : Proper nutrition is essential to maintain your health
Dental : Such patients need regular access to dental hygienists and regular checks
Life : People often use gestures in their daily life
Ad&D : just passed on my old boxed AD&D books to a young friend, along with all my hand-drawn maps and years of mythology building 
Critical : He didn't know how to write a news article with a critical eye
Illness : It is not a very serious illness
Congratulations : I didn't know you were promoted. Congratulations!
Letter : In enciphering, each letter of the message is replaced by another letter or figure; in encoding, syllables, words, or whole sentences are treated
Dear : Ah dear me, how sad it all is
Our : He is always on our side
best : Delayed gratification is the best way to accomplish things
wishes : She putted down her pen with best wishes
are : They are poles asunder. or They are as opposite as two poles
for : Are you waiting for sings and wonders?
you : Aren't you supposed to practice what you preach?
and : You are simply and solely young
your : Your qualifications are excellent and your achievements are remarkable
institution : He was granted a large scholarship from an academic institution
for : I was never the wiser for it
continued : He continued working for a long time
success : His career was checkered by success and failure
and : He spoke and all was still
prosperity : He used her as an icon of his prosperity and power
in : She said you were in your thirties
the : The actors doing the dances wore the masks that looked like the spirits
days : The number of runaway teenagers is increasing these days
to : On reflection, it seems to me that I was unkind to her
come : I'm afraid she won't come in time for the movie. It's almost six o'clock
License : Tracks Client Access License usage for a server product
of : I am conscious[well aware] of my want of ability
Veterinarian : Ask your veterinarian to check your pets and domesticated animals for ringworm
No. : No, thank you. I am not thirsty
Name : His daughter's name is put in the telephone directory
in : If dough is too sticky, knead in more flour
Full : Little Billy ate and ate until he was as full as a tick
No. : No. This is a new location, I'm afraid
Date : Did you meet anyone nice on the group blind date last weekend?
of : Observance of the tax laws is required of everyone
Birth : Birth-control drugs help couples limit the size of their families
This : This is diametrically opposed to that
is : He is above me in rank
to : On reflection, it seems to me that I was unkind to her
certify : Please certify your copy from your college
that : That CD you lent me is really great
the : The road is uphill all the way
above : Above the outer corner of each eye are the almond-sized lacrimal glands
person : There isn't any honest person on God's earth
was : The iguana was ill and his owner was frantic
granted : We were granted the courtesies of the port
the : Press the pin into the balloon through the tape
license : This announcement is for anyone who is here to renew a driver's license
of : Place milk chocolate and water in top of double boiler over simmering water melt then stir until smooth
veterinarian : Veterinarian Jonathan Hill says about three-quarters of his attempts to clone cows ended in miscarriages
in : Finish the work in due degree
accordance : You should behave in accordance with your station in life
with : He was punished with a fine
the : The products were transported from the factory to the station
Veterinarian : Veterinarian Jonathan Hill says about three-quarters of his attempts to clone cows ended in miscarriages
law. : It's against the law. That's why
CERTIFICATE : Changes cannot be saved to the certificate store
OF : I can be of assistance to you in any way
RESIDENT : I don't have a social security number. I'm not a U.S. resident
REGISTRATION : Please fill out this registration form
NAME : Mary always tries to impress people by name-dropping
OF : She is president of her chapter of that committee
HOUSEHOLDER : rouse the careless householder to look to his fastenings
RELATIONSHIP : Our relationship was doomed from the start
TO : To doubt is safer than to be secure
THE : The man is staring at the stars
FAMILY : As family members and friends looked on, they exchanged wedding vows
HEAD : The teacher was biting the student's head off
OF : Finish edge of tree with loops of green ribbon
REGISTRATION : Please fill out this registration form 
ADDRESS : For this site, you must enter your e-mail address as the password
RELATIONSHIP : Our relationship was doomed from the start
TO : I am sorry to have to disappoint you
HOUSEHOLDER : rouse the careless householder to look to his fastenings
NAME : She smiled weakly and whispered my name
RESIDENT : A third factor is how the resident population feels about the immigrant culture
NUMBER : They are reliant on a very limited number of exportable products
NAME : There are more than a million people with the last name Smith in America
OF : What is said to be one of the features of the planned stadium?
HOUSEHEAD : RELATIONSHIP TO THE PREVIOUS HOUSEHEAD 
of : Even the definition of advertising has evolved over a period of time
Issue : He acted on the sidelines on the issue
OFFICIAL : OK, so now it is official
SEAL : It is not necessary to seal the jars
AFFIXED : affix a seal to
compliment : I don't think that was much of a compliment
a : He is a famous as a tailor
salesperson : The salesperson is moving the box
Our : Our cat is stubborn as a mule
Congratulations : I didn't know you were promoted. Congratulations!
on : He was behind on his rent
your : Were you able to renew your passport?
sales : You must increase sales anyway you can
success : She held out hope of success
for : I was looking for the key to my house
The : The road is uphill all the way
last : It rained hard about this time last year, too
quarter : It is sudden cardiac arrest, and it kills a quarter-million people a year
We : We are already too deeply involved
Are : Are you sending the coin to the bottom?
fortunate : It's fortunate that you weren't hurt
to : On reflection, it seems to me that I was unkind to her
have : You can have as much as you like
You : You wouldn't!! Are you sure you did that? 
on : It depends on what it is
our : He is favorable to our plan
them : We sent a member of our team to put them into their paces
and : For use in cats and kittens 6 weeks and older
look : This statue is not much to look at
forward : I'm afraid you're being forward withme
to : To doubt is safer than to be secure
more : He is not more diligent than you are
success : His career was checkered by success and failure
in : Melts in your mouth, not in your hand
the : After the earthquake, gaping holes appeared in the walls of the house
future : How I would live in the future is more important
Permission : Look to it that nobody leaves the room without permission
to : He was swift to hear, slow to speak
Use : Use this application to configureand test game controllers
Sunscreen : Did you bring the sunscreen lotion?
My : My Stop putting your bib in my life
child : She risked life and limb to save the child
may : Be that as it may, I am sorry for him
have : While firstborns, typically, have fewer friends, middle children often have many
applied : The child applied some antiseptic ointment to a wound
exposed : He is swathed in fur with only his face exposed 
skin : My impatience was popping right through my skin
areas : Men in rural areas used to kiss a woman's hand
before : I was robbed before I could say boo
going : They were forced to suck the hind tit of going first
outside : outside will cool first so you have to watch it
on : We are quite slow on the uptake
warm : Let cool until it is just warm
sunny : There are sunny days ahead. Don't worry about it
days : The number of runaway teenagers is increasing these days
Signature : The thieves pulled his signature out of thin air
of : Most of the world uses the metric system of measurement
Parent : Every parent knows how crucial the choice of friends is for every child
Guardian : The way you're looking at your guardian angel is too scary
Date : We have fifteen people enrolled to date
Cycling : News editors seem to have a thing for cycling stories these days
& : On the other hand, I do not often use the ampersand
Walking : The automobile has largely eliminated the need for walking
Running : Rinse under running water for the same amount of time
Checklist : I see, we read the bid and mark the checklist, is that right?
Information : In other words, well-informed consumers watch for information and check for misinformation
to : I am reluctant to help him. or I hate to help him
have : While firstborns, typically, have fewer friends, middle children often have many
on : He was behind on his rent
hand : Melts in your mouth, not in your hand
for : It was too much for me
all : Who is the prettiest of us all?
current : Angling has become the current sport rage
or : It is not altogether disagreeable. or Not so bad
prospective : I hear you were formally introduced to a prospective wife
cyclists : Finally, please review the traffic laws as they apply to cyclists
paths : Neither of these two story paths, alas, is particularly riveting
maps : The maps inserted into this book are also very helpful
location : No. This is a new location, I'm afraid
nearest : Where is the nearest burger joint?
cycle : Remove bread at the end of the baking cycle promptly
shop : People are working in a shop
brochure : The brochure is there for the asking
products : They are reliant on a very limited number of exportable products
services : I'm looking for child care services
and : Change the language, and set installation and accessibility options
number : They are reliant on a very limited number of exportable products
of : The teaching of the school is in chime with the thought of the founder
bike : This bike is in need of repair
racks : Remove to racks and let cool completely
available : When is the next available appointment?
CERTIFICATE : Changes cannot be saved to the certificate store
OF : It is to be two of a kind
MANUFACTURE : The process of manufacture is a closely guarded secret
to : He was swift to hear, slow to speak
WHOM : To whom is the announcement directed?
IT : Thread is so tangled up that it is impossible to straighten it out
MAY : It may well be so. or That is not impossible
CONCERN : My concern is for my son 
Name : The username is not valid. Enter a valid username
of : Place layers of onions on top of oranges, 
Manufacturer : The fridge was sent back to the manufacturer 
Address : What is your main message to people when you address them? 
Factory : We have to hire some more workers for the factory
Office : We have to vacate this office by next week
Name : The username is not valid. Enter a valid username
of : Place layers of onions on top of oranges
Product : You have a week of days to test our product 
Licence : If a person's licence is revoked
No. : If a person's licence is revoked
Sincerely : If a person's licence is revoked
Yours : Don't covet what is not yours
General : The difference between celebrities and general people is that celebrities have something about them
HEALTH : Isn't your health more important than anything else in your life?
CERTIFICATE : If your domain name changes, you will need to obtain a new certificate
TO : She is too arrogant to speak to us
WHOM : He does not state whom is laying there
IT : Thread is so tangled up that it is impossible to straighten it out
MAY : Be that as it may, I am sorry for him
CONCERN : More recently complacency has turned into concern                              
Item  : The cost of each item is stamped in ink on each item
& : Arts&HumanitiesCitationIndex
Quantity : The price depends on the quantity of your order
Importing : Importing and exporting goods that I buy on-line
Country : Is lobbying against the law in your country?
Exporter : Which country is the third largest exporter to the US? 
Reference : Security credentials are needed for account reference reporting
For : Thank you for sparing your precious time for me
Risk : As I say, it is a risk
of : I am conscious[well aware] of my want of ability
Messrs : a firm of nursery gardeners and florist, Messrs. Cull and Rook
Sincerely : I sincerely hope there is no problem
Yours : Don't covet what is not yours
General : The general effect of this picture appeals to me
Director : He is our director in charge of the Importing and Exporting Department
EMPLOYMENT : He is out of work and looking for employment
CERTIFICATE : A certificate is issued by a Certificate Authority to confirm your identity to others
Full : He veered full-speed into the parking lot
Name : The Sunflower is the name of the restaurant
Date : At one time, many men wanted to date me
of : Place layers of onions on top of oranges
Birth : The baby suffers two deformities from birth defects
Resident : A third factor is how the resident population feels about the immigrant culture
ID : I've forgotten my I.D. It must be in my other suit
No. : No. This is a new location, I'm afraid
Place : The surgeon manipulated the bones into place
Origin : What was the origin of the plan?
Present : She was not present at the meeting
ddress : Please don't address me as Mrs 
Employment : My friend found gainful employment in another city
Period : It's time to put a period to the matter 
Certificate : Who is sending the gift certificate
of : The quarrel of lovers is the renewal of love
Salary : He saves up part of his salary every month
No : No. it was a different injection 
Personal : Are you able to operate a personal computer
Data : Did anyone question the validity of your data?
Present : The verb is in the present	
Address : Please note our change of address  
Name : Here lies one whose name was writ in water
in : He is always in the dismals 
full : He is always in the dismals 
Date : You can write the year after the date 
bith : Had I been faced with this news on the bith of my twin girls, I would have been devastated  
K. I. D. : Previous posts: A. B. C. D. E. F. G. H. I. J. K. L. M. N. O. P
No : No. I couldn't. I was too busy  
Working : The woman is working on her posture
Section : I'll place an ad in the Help Wanted section of the newspaper 
Usage : Tracks Client Access License usage for a server product 
Date : Can you move the validity date ahead one month?
Amount : Rinse under running water for the same amount of time	
Income : The quarrel of lovers is the renewal of love, Many people have lived above their income
Bonus : I receive a generous bonus at my company
Total : How many total issues do subscribers receive each year?
License : This announcement is for anyone who is here to renew a driver's license 
for : You are solely responsible for it
Doctor : The doctor is out on his rounds
No. : No. This is a new location, I'm afraid 
Name : Mary always tries to impress people by name-dropping
in : Melts in your mouth, not in your hand
Full : It is very old and full of meaning
Authority : He wets himself in front of people who are in authority
This : This is to dry them further
is : Thread is so tangled up that it is impossible to straighten it out
to : Were you able to talk to Mr. Silver?
certify : I affirm the above to be true in every particular. or I hereby certify the above statement to be true and correct in every detail
that : That is not so bad, considering
it : It recks me little whether it is true or not
is : It is highly commendable. or It is highly praiseworthy
licensed : No medicinal product can be licensed if it does not have a medicinal purpose
as : He is as leaky as a sieve
stated : What is NOT stated in the article?
above : Though poor, he is above telling a lie
Date : You can write the year after the date
of : It is to be two of a kind
issue : The consulate office can issue you a visa	
Minister : He was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trades
of : By October of this year, almost half of the staff will have left
Ministry : According to people at the ministry there was no need for confessions
Health : Isn't your health more important than anything else in your life?
& : She works for Bond & Green
Social : Are you Insisting on social equality?
Affairs : Do your private affairs after work
commercial : I was watching a late night commercial for the kitchen utensils
invoice : We sent them an invoice, didn't we?
shipper : Call the shipper and ask them to trace it 
exporter : Which country is the third largest exporter to the US?
no. : He was save close but no cigar
& : Study Guide Alphabet Song & Chant A- E Review
date : School fees should be paid by the due date 
of : The facade of that building is made of wood
invoice : We sent them an invoice, didn't we?
L/C : Can't you make it two months after receipt of an L/C?
for : It is useless for you to struggle
account : I need to put some money into my account 
risk : This is a risk that is hard to foretell and difficult to overcome
of : The facade of that building is made of wood
Messrs : Messrs Smith, Brown and Jones
issuing : The police started off with a clean slate issuing temporary drivers' licenses
bank : What time does the bank close today?
remarks : I've been hearing your sarcastic remarks for close to ten years
notify : Then we would notify you of the starting time
party : The party is sweating on the election day
An : He has a queer gait. or He walks with an odd gait
Identification : The two sisters proved their kinship by showing their identification cards
Card : To continue your subscription, please mail the enclosed business reply card immediately
for : I was looking for the key to my house
Attorney : Did his attorney contact you about the trial?
Registration : Please fill out this registration form
No. : Please let me know soon whether it is yes or no
Personal : Are you able to operate a personal computer?
Data : If the media is blank, or its data is replaced, use this label instead
Permanent : Stop trying to paste over the cracks and come up with permanent solution
Address : Please note our change of address
Present : The verb is in the present
Address : Did you change your e-mail address recently?
Name : There are many different people with the same name in the world
in : He is always in a hurry
full : Little Billy ate and ate until he was as full as a tick	 
Date : Can you extend your validity date by one month?
of : By October of this year, almost half of the staff will have left
birth : He was born out of wedlock. or He is of illegitimate birth
Date : You can write the year after the date
of : They are of the same father but of different mothers
issue : The issue came to the fore again as the presidential election neared
Presentation : Some people are attending a presentation
Checklist : That's why you were all given a checklist
TO : He was swift to hear, slow to speak
MANAGEMENT : This parking lot is under private management
Information : Carefully read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest and all the information will become yours
to : I am reluctant to help him. or I hate to help him
have : I'll have it for you in just a few minutes
on : We are quite slow on the uptake
hand : He betrayed his friend for his own hand
Site : The cows are in the greenfield site
analysis : In the last analysis, walking home would be the most reasonable way
Employee : What time does the employee appreciation dinner start?
Transportation : The river is not used for transportation
Survey : The results of the survey were quite astonishing
AVR : First, there is the AVR microcontroller-- the brains of the outfit
EPP : All these parties are currently in the EPP
calculation : The result is beyond calculation at present
How : Fiddlesticks! or What nonsense! or How odd it is!
many : There are so many around here with vacancies
times : In peaceful times, the function of this system weakened
spoken : My spoken English hasn't improved much
English : His English is easy to understand. or He speaks plain English
Name : We have desks, chairs, dining room tables and wall units. You name it
Mon : It helps single parents with raising children, has social and educational programs and is open Mon.-Fri. 8:30-17:00 o'clock
Thu : In Vietnam there is a holiday called Trung Thu.
Wed : Jack wants to wed his love and have her cease her paternal fixation
Thu : In Vietnam there is a holiday called Trung Thu.
fri : Foxtrotalpha I spend a great deal of my time with my fri.
Sat : The members of the committee sat round the table
Sun : The water is evaporated by the sun
Winner : I don't know who the winner was
Sub : Do me a big favor and sub for me today, would you?
Total : How many total issues do subscribers receive each year?
License : This announcement is for anyone who is here to renew a driver's license
for : I was looking for the key to my house
pharmacist : Talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you have questions
No. : No. I couldn't. I was too busy
Name : We have desks, chairs, dining room tables and wall units. You name it
in : Melts in your mouth, not in your hand
full : He veered full-speed into the parking lot
Date : Can you move the validity date ahead one month?
of : The use of puppets dates back thousands of years
birth : They cannot be issued birth certificates and passports as well as receive vaccinations
Authority : The manager exerted his authority and demanded better performance from his employees
This : This is fake back and edge
is : He is quite contented as he is
to : He was swift to hear, slow to speak
certify : I hereby certify that the above information is all true and correct
that : Would that I were young again!
it : Thread is so tangled up that it is impossible to straighten it out
is : He is quite contented as he is
licensed : Our licensed, experienced guides are certified in first aid
as : She was as much agitated as him
stated : The pathology report stated my lump was malignant
above : All of the above are to be included
issue : Storytelling provides an easy path into any complex issue
Minister : The curate helped the minister prepare for Sunday services
Health : People do not know the value of health till they lose it
& : Letters & Phonics 
Social : I'm not a very social being
Affairs : Do your private affairs after work
Official : He left his official life. or He quitted his office
Seal : It is not necessary to seal the jars
Stamped : The cost of each item is stamped in ink on each item
Certificate : You have successfully completed the Certificate Renewal Wizard
of : The water leaks out of the cask
Pension : He is entitled to a pension
No. : He was save close but no cigar
Recipient : Recipient must be home at time of delivery
Name : The username is not valid. Enter a valid username
in : He is always in the dismals
full : Little Billy ate and ate until he was as full as a tick
K.I.D. : Close Handle Kid... 
No. : I suppose so. I hope no one was hurt
Relation : He may be competent, but here he is a poor relation
of : All of these are the result of humankind's activities
Soldier : He is a mere private soldier
Reason : His audacity is far out of reason
for : I was never the wiser for it
Pension : The teacher lived on his pension after his retirement
Rate : They managed to maintain the warranted rate of growth
Date : The source and date of the document were omitted by an oversight
of : The effect of this new kind of virus has a long arm
Issue : He acted on the sidelines on the issue
Minister : A minister was involved in the scandal
of : Pottery is the art of making a pot out of clay
Ministry : He dropped correspondence with the ministry proper
National : It is common knowledge that the national debt is huge
Defense : Speak up in defense the exiled monk
Official : She has a chance of becoming an official candidate for president
Seal : Put figs and syrup into sterilised jars, seal and store in a cool place
Stamped : The cost of each item is stamped in ink on each item
CERTIFICATE : Thousands of executives have increased their competitive edge through our short, focused certificate programs
OF : The purpose of the court system is to protect the rights of the people
RESUMPTION : I was asked about the resumption of talks
OF : Cover and cook very slowly until the duck is very tender (time depends on origin and size of duck)
COMPANY : Many people are uneasy in the company of strangers
Permanent : She is a member of a permanent commission
address : People are more likely to remember an Internet address than a toll-free telephone number
Present : Six were present, including the teacher
Address : The secondary zone requires an address
Name : She was awakened by hearing her name called
in : There are a lot of machines not in use[lying idle] in the factory
full : This is the Help Center Full Text Search engine
Date : School fees should be paid by the due date
of : I left in a brace of shakes
birth : But these bonuses appear to have little effect on the birth rates
KID : My kid smeared paint on his hands
No. : Unpleasant or no, it is true
Position : She wanted a position with more benefits
Department : The reservation department was swamped with calls
Duration : We hope that the business recession will be of short duration
of : Cover and cook very slowly until the duck is very tender (time depends on origin and size of duck)
employment : I am at present in the employment of Mr. Smith
At : It is not at all likely
Issued : Cheap return tickets are issued to all South Coast resorts
date : I had my very first blind date yesterday
Official : He left his official life. or He quitted his office
Seal : The document held by legal under his hand and seal
Affixed : Inside the church there is a small plaque affixed to the church organ
Survey : The results of the survey are in
Checklist : But simple as it was, using a checklist turned out to be effective
DISTRIBUTING : The man is distributing books to some people
SURVEYS : Surveys show E-mail is their main online activity
Are : They are poles asunder. or They are as opposite as two poles
instructions : Enclosed in this package are detailed instructions for assembling your new shelving unit
on : He was behind on his rent
the : The group of people who are on the brew
following : Use one of the following basic share permissions, or create custom permissions
criteria : Are you informed of the criteria?
clear : Let's unpack and take a dip in the crystal clear, shimmering ocean
How : Fiddlesticks! or What nonsense! or How odd it is
to : He was ready to listen to me
complete : Are you planning on becoming salaried after the restructuring is complete?
the : The legs of the table are groggy
survey : The results of the survey were quite astonishing
When : When is the next available appointment?
to : I don't have the guts[nerve] to ask her to marry me
complete : Are you planning on becoming salaried after the restructuring is complete?
the : The man stretched his leg out in the aisle of the airplane
survey : The survey questions were sent to 418 people
Why : Why are you mumbling? Hurry up and tell me!
should : Everything was as it should be
employees : What kind of employees does the man want?
participate : It doesn't look like we'll be able to participate.
cover : Fill the eight lined ice cube cups with the chocolate; freeze atleast 4 hours, or cover and freeze up to a month
memo : What is the purpose of this memo?
from : He always shrinks from doing what is difficult
management : He is pretty connected with the management
DEBT : There is some money left over after servicing the debt obligations
ACKNOWLEDGEMEN : The flowers were a small acknowledgement of your kindness
FORM : Mr. Cramdon is not form around here
I : I was robbed before I could say boo
the : The road is uphill all the way
undersigned : We, the undersigned, agree to
hereby : I hereby certify that the above information is all true and correct
and : Oh, he is very tall and handsome
acknowledge : I am sure that she will acknowledge
to : He was swift to hear, slow to speak
the : The man is predicting the future
following : Allergy professionals offer the following advice: - Use allergy medications early
Creditor : I am his creditor. or He owes me some money
that : I heard that Bob was flunked out
I : Allow me to tell you ;I will take the liberty ;I dare say;It is very presumptuous of me
am : I am the beneficiary of his kindness
indebted : We are indebted to science for this
to : He was swift to hear, slow to speak
said : The boy proudly said he was off the needle
Creditor : The creditor allowed[granted] a day of grace period for repayment
in : Stop putting your bib in my life
the : The road is uphill all the way
amount : Rinse under running water for the same amount of time
of : The house of refuge is full of refugees
dollars : That company sells three billion dollars of sneakers a year
as : She was as much agitated as him
of : There was not much of a breeze
the : The man was about to be on the pounce
below : The two triangles below are congruent
mentioned : It's funny how you haven't mentioned him until now
date : Can you move the validity date ahead one month?
Signed : How many people have signed up for the workshop?
on : The man was about to be on the pounce
this : This damn copier is on the blink
day : Shame on you! You paced away all day long
of : The house of refuge is full of refugees
the : The belts are hidden at the back
month : How many times do you eat out a month?
in : Melts in your mouth, not in your hand
the : The trousers are baggy at the knees
year : It rained hard about this time last year, too
Witness : I'm innocent as God is my witness
Debtor : The man put a debtor under the screw
Dental : Acupuncture has also been shown to relieve pain after dental procedures
Dentist : The dentist pulled out the wrong tooth
a : He is a doer, not a talker
Licence : If a person's licence is revoked
Name : We have desks, chairs, dining room tables and wall units. You name it
in : He is two years behind in[in arrears with] his dues
Full : We are not here to impress each other full of pretense
We : We are sorry that we cannot be of further assistance
grant : Sure, I'll have this to Mr. Grant in about an hour
license : This announcement is for anyone who is here to renew a driver's license
as : She was as much agitated as him
above : All of the above are to be included
Issue : Storytelling provides an easy path into any complex issue
Date : Can you move the validity date ahead one month?
Certificate : For multiple-user systems, certificate(s) for each user must be individually saved
of : Observance of the tax laws is required of everyone
Army : Are you still interested in sponsoring The Salvation Army?
Serve : To serve it is not necessary to def rost
No. : No. it was a different injection
Regiment : Two regiments are being sent to garrison the town
Grade : This reader is too difficult for second-year grade pupils
Number : They are reliant on a very limited number of exportable products
of : I am conscious[well aware] of my want of ability
Unit : The members of a family are a cohesive unit in our society
Name : We have desks, chairs, dining room tables and wall units. You name it
in : How much is it in the back?
Full : Her suitcase was absolutely full of souvenirs
This : This is fake back and edge
is : He is quite contented as he is
to : I am reluctant to help him. or I hate to help him
certify : I hereby certify that the above information is all true and correct
that : I heard that Bob was flunked out
the : After the earthquake, gaping holes appeared in the walls of the house
above : I am pleased to inform you that your reservation is confirmed per above
statement : His statement is based on fact. or His statement is authenticated in fact
person : I had to choose only one person among those people
is : Even though she is famous, she is still quite approachable
served : Shoes have not always served such a purely functional purpose
with : She was enamored with the puzzle
this : This damn copier is on the blink
navy : The admiral retired from the navy
headquarters : My office is the headquarters for our company's work on that project
Date : We have fifteen people enrolled to date
of : There was not much of a breeze
issue : He acted on the sidelines on the issue
RECOMMENDATION : Do I need recommendation letters, too?
Dear : Ah dear me, how sad it all is
Admissions : This particular college has a very selective admissions policy
Director : Director Lee will preside over the meeting
I : I was robbed before I could say boo
am : I am impervious[callous] to their abuse
very : He is very diligent about his responsibilities
pleased : He was much pleased to hear that
to : It is quite silly of you to try to force him to consent
recommend : I recommend that the work (should) be done at once
to : She is impossible to talk to when she's angry
your : Were you able to renew your passport?
graduate : We will then launch an education program offering graduate degrees in public service
program : Displays program information, version number, and copyright
in : There is no one who can match him in his ability in English
architectural : She works as a draftsman for an architectural firm
design : When are the design plans due?
I : I am glad indeed
first : He was acclaimed for his first novel
met : When I first met him, he wasn't bald
him : She was as much agitated as him
in : He is two years behind in[in arrears with] his dues
design : A floral design was embossed on the letter case
studio : My studio is too small; I'm moving to a one-bedroom home
Since : It is[has been] two years since I left school
Then : Then they are probably in the refrigerator
I : I can't believe how forgetful I am
have : I have ten days a year
been : Been together so long and this could never be wrong
in : I haven't improved much in speaking in English
close : Boy, that was a close call
contact : Inventions like the toothbrush, contact lenses, and credit cards came into use long ago
with : He was mixed up with something shady
him : He is always there for you if you need him
Compliment : I don't think that was much of a compliment
Speaker : What does the speaker say can happen to computers?
I : Such as I am, I am happy
thoroughly : Beat in thoroughly, one at a time, 4 eggs
enjoyed : I hope you enjoyed your meal
your : Were you able to renew your passport?
presentation : I'm hard at work on my next presentation
yesterday : Seems like only yesterday that we were in kindergarten
evening : What time does the caretaker lock the building every evening?
Your : Did you send your kids to nursery school?
delivery : This shop offers delivery service for customers
was : He was save close but no cigar
so : It is not altogether disagreeable. or Not so bad
engaging : Abstinence is defined as not engaging in sexual intercourse
that : That old vase is a genuine antique
I : I am reluctant to help him. or I hate to help him
lost : When graduated from the school, she lost her playmates
all : Who is the prettiest of us all?
track : She won since she had the inside track
of : There was not much of a breeze
time : We had such a blissful time on our honeymoon
 :        _      _    
 :      _    _        
 :      _     _   
 :  1            _     _  ,      
 :        _    _  
 :      _  365   _       
 :       _   _    ? 
 :  ' '          _      _                ?
 :  .         _ ,    _       
 :                  _     _    
 :      ? _    _    
 :       _        _         
 :       _      _      
 :   _     _   
 :      _     _   
 :    ? _       _      
 :        _    _ 
 :       _      _      ? 
 :   _       _ a/s 
 :     ,  _   _   
 :    _        _        
 :   _   _    
 :    ? _   _       
 :     _    _   
 :  ? _     _     
 :     _   _    
 :    _    _     
 :    _     _  
 :        _       _       ? 
 :     _   ? _     
 :  _      300  _        
 :      _      ? _        
 :   ,         _  ? _      
 :      _     ? _  ?
 :         ? _    _     ?
 :    _     _        
 :      _    _  ?
 :    _     _    
 :            _     _      
 :     _     _    
 :   _       _      
 :        _   _   
 : ?  ? _        _   
  :        _    _  DVD    
 :   _    _ ?  ?
 :       _     _       
 :  52  _     _   
 :        _        _  
 :            _  1   _          
 :       _     _   19:00                
 :         _   cctv        _     
 :   _      _         ...        
 :       _        _  
 :       ? _     _  (, , ,   )  
 :         _     _        
 :  .    _  _     
 :   _    _     
 :     ,       _       _       
 :              _      35 2000  _               
 :     _       _  
 :        _      _      
 :   _  _     
 :     _   _ 
 :    _    ? _     
 :    _   _    
 :    ? _    _         ?
 :     _   ? _ 18     17     "" 
 :    _     _   
 :    ? _  ,   _     
 :        _           _      
 :   _    _ 
 :    _      _ 1 1    
 :     _  _   
 :      _    _  
 :   _     _    
 :  _   _ 
 :          ? _    _ , 
 :     _                 _       
 :    _    _  
 :     _    _      
 :     _        _       
 :     _   _   
 :      _             _       
 :         _          _  
 :    3 ? _    _  
 :                 _       _      
 :        _     _      
 :   _        _       
 :      _    _    
 :     _     ? _    
 : a<0, b>0  ,   ? _     ? _     
 :     _     _    
 :    _        ? _    
 :     ? _  _     
 :  _      _  
 :     _       _      
 :   _          _        
 : ,     ? _      ? _    3
 :     ? _     _     
 :   _   .         .       _    
 :       _      _ ,
 :        _    _      
 :       _        _ ?
 :      _          _       
 :      _    _    
 :  ,       _      30         5  3      _      
 :      _    '    ' _   
 :      _       _       ?
 : ""  ? _   _  
 :  _         _ 
 :     ? _          _  
 :     _           _   
 :      _    _      ?
 :       _     _                 
 :   ,  , ,             _    (           ) _           ?
 :      _    _  
  :     .     _        ?      _      
 :             _      _      
 :   _   _      ?
 :      _ 3   _       
 :    _     _ , ? 
 :      _       ? _  
 :    _       _  
 :    _    _             
 :    _    _   
 :    _     ? _ 17  , 
 :               _    _    ?
 :  "   ?"  _    _  
 :      _     _        
 :    _       _    
 :      _       ? _   
 :    _           _   
 :      _         _     
 :   _   _  
 :  _      ? _   
 :    _        _       
 :    _      _   ,     
 :       _         _  
 :       .           _    , ? _      
 :      _        _    
 :            _     _ '' '' 
 :        _      _       
 :   _  3   _    ?
 :  .            _     _    
 :  .             _   _ cctv 
  :         _     _        ?
 :     ? _         _ 
 :   _     ? _  
 :   _       ? _          
 :       _      _     ?
 :       _ 3    _   10 10   ,11  
 :     _     _   1    
 :     _     _   
  :      .   , ,          _     _   / ?   
 :    _       _ 
 :       _    _   
 :   ?     _    _      ?
 :   _         _   
 :     _       _    
 :   _   ,    ? _  
  :       _       _   
  :    _        _      
 :       _         _   
 :  _   _   
 : ,   _         _ , , , 
 :   _   _    
 :   _     _       
 :     _   _     
 :    _         _       
 :  ,          _ ? _ 
 :         _       _    
 :     _          _  ?
 :        _  _  
 :        ? _        _ 
 :    _    ? _      
 :      _        ? _      
 :         _       _        , 
 :      _      _    
 :             _     _   
 :    _  _   
 :     _      ? _ 
 :  _   .  ,    ,    _        
 :     _           _   ?
 :      _           _             ?
 :         _      ? _   
 :       _       _             
 :         _   .  ? _   
 :       _    _  
 :    _        ? _   
 :   _    _   
 :          _         _    
 : (   ) _      _     
 :         _      ,      _         
 :     _      _      
 :      _    _     
 :     _        _ A410
 :    _        _    
 :     _   _   
 :   ? _       _ 
 :   _       ? _     
 :       _   ? _     
 :               _     _            
 :        _       ? _   
 :      ?  ?            _      ? _        
 :       _         _ ,  
 :    _      _      
 :      _      _       
 :           _        ? _       
 :     ? _     _    ?
 :            _    _  
 :   _      _   
 :  _      ? _ 
 :          _   _  
 :    _    _   
 :     _      _ 
 :      _    _    ?
 :   ? _       ? _     .  , , , , ,  , ,  
 :      _   _     
 :   _    _    
 :         ,    _    _    
 :        _    _   
 :     _      _    
 :       _     _       
 :    _             _    
 :   20   . 10   _       ? _    
 :    ? _       _ VS
 :      _    _   
 :    _     _    
 :    _   _  
 :     _        ? _     
 :   _             ,    _ ?
 :    _   ?   _     
 :        _    _ 
 :        ? _         _   
 :         _   90120  _       
 :  _     _   
 :      _      _       
 :     _     _    
 :   _      ? _    
 :         _      _    
 :   ? _     _    
 :    _        _     ?
 :     _       _   
 :      _        _    
 :   _   _        
 :      _       ? _    
 : '  '  _      _     .    ?
 :      _     _      
 :     _       _    ,       
 :   _   (    ) _    ?
 :   _   _  
 :  _    _          
 :   ? _        _         
 :      _       _ ,    
 :   _   _      
 :     ? _   ? _   
 :    _   _ 2   
 :   _       _      ?
 :   _     _    
 :     _   _      
 :      _  _  
 :      ? _     _  
 :       _        _     
 :    ? _    _        
 :   _  98 (  ) _      
 :    _     _            
 :  _     _  
 :  _     _  
 :    _     _  
 :      _        ? _  
 :  _     _      
 :       _   ? _  
 :     _     _   
 :     _     ,,,           A/S  _   
 :   _   _  
 :    ? _   _  
 :    _   _   
 :   _      _     
 :   _  _   ?
 :  _   _  
 :     _   _   
 :    ? _       ? _   
 :    _   _      
 :    _       _   ? 
 :     _     _        
 :       ? _   _ / 
 :         _   _     
 :    _        _     ? 
 :      ? _      _   ,    ?
 :   _             _  
 :    ? _       _ 
 :     _    _                 
 :   _    _  
 :      _      _     ?
 :   _      _   
 :   _    _         ?
 :     _    _   
 :    AS  _  _    
 :  ,  _        _        
 :    _   _   
 :    _   _ 
 :     _  ,     _    
 :   _    _      
 :      _     _ []   
 :   _    _ 
 :    _       _           
 :      ? _      _     
 :       _     _  ,  
 :      _   _   
 :    _    _     
 :     _   _ 
 :    _       _    
 :     _   _    
 :    _     _      
 :     _  " ?" _  
 :     _     _  
 :        _   _ 
 :  _   ' '     .   _    
 :   _ ' '    _           .   
 :  _     _    
 :     _    _  
 :      _  -   _              
 :   ( , ) _      _       
 :                     _               _   ,    
 :    _    ? _      
 :    _    ? _      
 :  _   _      
 :     _      _   
 :       _      ? _   
 :   _      _      
 :       _   _      
 : /  _  ,     _ speak, talk, tell, say  
 :     _     _      
 :    _    _  
 :  _        40   _   
 :    _      _  
 :     _         _      
 :   _     _   
 : ''            _      _    
 :      _       _ 
 :    ? _    ? _  
 :     _    _  
 :   _     _    
 :         _    _  
 :         _        _        ?
 :         _        _        ? _ 
 : //     _      _  
 :       _     _    ?
 :   _   _  
 :   ? _     _     
 :       _    _  
 :       _  _ 
 :   _  _     
 :    _   _  
 :     ? _     _        
 :   _      _    
 :   _   _   
 :  _    _  
 :    _      _     ? 
 :  ? _    _   
 :   _    _   ?
 :       ? _   _   
 :    _    _    
 :  _          _     
 :     _   _    
 :         _       _ ,  ,  
 :      _ ''     (  )  _  
 :      _   _    (    
 :    _    _       
 :    _     _    
 :    _   _   
 :    _      _      
 :      _      _     
 :    _     _   
 :      _        _                 
 :    _    _   
 :    _         _         
 :    _    _  
 :  _      _   
 :  _     _  
 :     ? _    _ 
 :    _     ,        _             
 :   _      _   .  . (     )     ,    ?
 :    _   _     
 :  _    _   
 :   _    _   
 :   _    _       
 :  ,     _       _    
 :        _   _   
 : 5   ,    _   _   
 :   _   _        
 :   _    _   
 : ? _  _   
 :    _      _   
 :    _       ? _     
 :       _   _ 
 :      _   ? _  
 :  _    _    
 :   _     _    
 :         _       _    ,    
 :  _       _   
 :   _    ? _     
 :   _    ? _     
 :   _    _      
 :     _     ? _      
 :    _   _      ,    
 :   _   _    
 :    _    _    
 :  _  _   
 :   _        _   
 :       _     _     ,   
 :   _   _    
 :  _       _  
 :   _    ? _     
 :   _    ? _     
 :   ? _    _     
 :      _      _  
 :  _    _  
 :   _     _   
 :     _      _  
 :   _   ,  _  
 :    _     _   
 :              _       ? _ 
 :    _  _   
 :     _   _    
 :           _    _     
 :      _    _  - 
 :  ''  _      _    
 :      _  ,     _            
 :    _ ''   _    
 :    _ ATM  _  
 :     ? _     _  
 :       _      _   .    
 :    _      _ 
 :        _      _        
 :      _   _      
 :    _     _    
 :       _    _   
 :    _   _  
 :    _    _    
 :   (    ) _     .          ...    _         
 :   _    _      
 :     _    _    
 :       _       _   
 :         _   ,    _                 
 :   _  _ 
 :    _    ,       _   
 :     _         _    
 :     _   _  
 :     .  ,                _    _    
 :    _      _    3  
 :   _    _      
 :  _     ? _ 
 :   _  _      
 : ,   _  _        90%     
 :      _        _       
 :  '' _   _    
 :     _  _   
   : ,      _  ,      _  ,    
 :     _       _      
 :    _       _ 
 :    _       _    
 :   _  _  
 :    _      _ 
 :   _   _     
 :      _    _   
 :  _     _     
 :    _     _  
 :      _     _    
 :                     _     _   .  
 :      _      _ 
 :     _      _ 
 :       _      _  
 :   _    _       
 :   _         _  
 :     _   ,   ? _     
 :      _  ? _     
 :     _    _    
 :   _     _    
 :    ? _     ? _   
 :   2    ? _  ? _       
 :   _      _     
 :     _   ?     ? _     
 :     _     _   
 :    _   _   
 :       _      ? _   
 :       _    _  
 :     _             _    
 :   _             _    
